Policies.md (#3)
spinningrachel/cycode: docs/policies.md

# Policies

> You can review your policies in the **Policies** area. To access this area, click ![Policies icon -icon](assets/images/policies.png) from the left side bar. Your policies page looks similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Policies** area lists all of the policies in Cycode, based on which violations and alerting is managed. Currently, all Cycode policies are hard-coded and are based on best practices for managing your code and repositories.

To access this area, click ![Policies icon -icon](assets/images/policies.png) from the left side bar. Your policies page looks similar to:
```

![Policies page -half](assets/images/policies-page.png)

#### Each policy has a:

- **Severity** - either low, medium, or high

- **Name** - a description of the policy

- **Policy Type** - either access review, insecure configurations, secrets, code leaks, cloud and IaC misconfigurations, or audit events

- **Source** - the policy monitors code from the listed sources

Toggle the button at the right end of each row to enable or disable that policy.

![Enable button -quarter](assets/images/enable-button.png)

> Click on ![Sort button -icon](assets/images/sort-button.png) to the right of each category to sort policies by the different options in that category. For example, you can choose to see all high-severity policies or all disabled policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click ![Sort button -icon](assets/images/sort-button.png) from the right of each category to sort policies by the different options in that category. For example, you can choose to see all high-severity policies or all disabled policies.
```

> Click anywhere in one of the policy rows and a window pops-up with the full description of that policy. From this window you can also change the severity of that policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click anywhere in a policy row.
A window pops-up with the full description of that policy. You can also change the severity of that policy from this window.
```
